Invisibility being a realistic possibility, without the use of optical illusions, is a recent discovery and is in large part to due the progress made in the field of transformation optics and metamaterials. With this recent progress, the idea of virtually simulating the theory presented is an interesting one. Hence why this project was undertaken. A virtual simulation can model any potential pitfalls that could occur while science cannot currently create a structure that would render an object invisible to the naked eye using the theories presented.

The main aim of this project was to produce a virtual model that was based on the theory presented and then to adjust any of the parameters involved to see what effects could be achieved. A side aim of the project was also to test the various geometrical shapes the cloak could take and how this would affect model. The project aimed to prove that the theory could be presented in a virtual simulation and that by adjusting certain parameters, certain effects could be achieved.

The model was produced using WebGL in combination with Three.js. The model has been created in a spherical, cylindrical and conical shape, all with a solid and shell structure included. The effects that were achieved were perfect invisibility, a chromatic effect and showing the cloak from a single viewpoint, looking into how the cloak might appear if your were able to view the cloak from one point all the way through. The project has proven that it is possible to render an invisibility cloak using the theory presented and to produce various effects based on the theory. My results are somewhat compromised by the language used and Three.js as the results are inconclusive based on the rendering being controlled by the language in a way that has produced some results that appear to be correct according to the theory but when tested separately produces incorrect results. In conclusion, further work would be needed to create a completely accurate model, mostly into determining how far the language is affecting the model and how that can be counteracted.